Vendor Neutrality Assurance (#1964)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x02-Frontispiece.md

#### Jeroen Beckers

> Jeroen is a mobile security lead responsible for quality assurance on mobile security projects and for R&D on all things mobile. He worked as a Flash developer during high school and college, but switched to a career in cyber security once he graduated and now has more than 5 years of experience in mobile security. He loves sharing his knowledge with other people, as is demonstrated by his many talks & trainings at colleges, universities, clients and conferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jeroen is a mobile security lead responsible for quality assurance on mobile security projects and for R&D on all things mobile. Although he started his career as a programmer, he found that it was more fun to take things apart than to put things together, and the switch to security was quickly made. Ever since his master's thesis on Android security, Jeroen has been interested in mobile devices and their (in)security. He loves sharing his knowledge with other people, as is demonstrated by his many talks & trainings at colleges, universities, clients and conferences.
```
Since we're updating this anyway... :)
